add activity cancel docs (#563)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/activities.md

One common use case for such leader election is monitoring. An Activity executes an internal loop that periodically polls some API and checks for some condition. It also heartbeats on every iteration. If the condition is satisfied, the Activity completes which lets its Workflow to handle it. If the Activity worker dies, the Activity times out after the heartbeat interval is exceeded and is retried on a different worker. The same pattern works for polling for new files in Amazon S3 buckets or responses in REST or other synchronous APIs.

## Activity Cancellation

import WhatIsActivityCancellation from '../content/what-is-activity-cancellation.md'

<WhatIsActivityCancellation />

:::note Cancellations are not immediate

> `ctx.Done()` is only signaled when a heartbeat is sent to the service.

Author: yes but i didnt have time to figure out how better to phrase this

> `ctx.Done()` is only signaled when a heartbeat is sent to the service.

Reviewer: OK - np. I guess this will flush out when we spend time in this area.

> Temporal's SDK throttles this so a heartbeat may not be sent to the service until 80% of the heartbeat timeout has elapsed.

Author: temporal service, yes
```suggestion
Temporal's SDK throttles this so a heartbeat may not be sent to Temporal Server until 80% of the heartbeat timeout has elapsed.
```
